well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
messaging
because sometimes people will do things
against their own interests simply
because
it wasn't presented to them in the right
way it didn't reach them
on a level that resonated so we're going
to talk about messaging we're also going
to give a gift
to to the democratic party because
something happened over the last few
months
and even though it is normally something
republicans would be all
over they failed they failed
the democrats have the opportunity to
become the party of national security
even though that's something you would
typically expect from republicans
everybody saw this country grind to a
screeching
halt from the recent public health issue
and by everybody i mean everybody all
over the world
due to foreign policy shifts the
expected opposition in the future is
going to be near peer nations
near pure very powerful countries
these are countries that might be able
to
uh use that newly exposed weakness
because they watched as this country
stopped
working they watched our readiness
become degraded
so what do we need we have to up our
medical infrastructure right
we have to make it more resilient we
have to make it
to where it can handle a shock
so we need more more everything more
docs
nurses techs supplies beds
everything how do we get it
we can't just hire them and not have
them do anything
it's not going to work it won't be
effective even if we did that
they wouldn't be ready because they
wouldn't have the workload
so what we have to do is we have to
increase usage
of our medical infrastructure we have to
get
more people to go to the hospital to go
to the dock
that way well the increased volume
will require more infrastructure will
require more beds it will require more
supplies
on hand that way if something happens
they're there because just like now if
something happens we'll all stay home
everybody will stay home except for
those who need it
this is how we can increase the national
security of this country
so we have to increase usage easier said
than done
well i mean i guess the easiest way to
do it would just be to give everybody
access to health care
call it the military medical
preparedness act
because with everybody having access
it's more volume
all that other stuff we just talked
about happens by default
it's real simple i know people are going
to want to know like the particulars
there's already a bill out there that
goes by the nickname m4a
that would work we just retitle it and
that would work
medicare for all i know that some of
y'all were laughing because y'all knew
where this was going
and yeah i mean it is funny in a way but
it's also true
our medical infrastructure being in the
state that it is in
is a national security issue if we are
actually going to start facing near-pier
nations it is something we have to
consider
the easiest way to secure this nation
from this kind of issue is to up our
medical infrastructure
the easiest way to do that is to
increase usage
the easiest way to do that is medicare
for all
just re-title it when you do that
you're going to have a lot less
republicans
speaking out against a national security
issue you're going to have a lot of
people
who are opposed to handouts
suddenly in favor of it because it helps
us militarily
it helps us on a national security level
it's just messaging the exact same bill
retitled
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night